---
layout: post
title: "optimism."
date: 2023-05-23 22:57:00 -0500 
categories: jekyll update
---

I've been busy with procrastinating on assignments and getting rejected from internships to properly commit time to this blog, so apologies for not writing for so long to my nonexistent readers. I will hopefully change that over this summer, but I'll only write about stuff when I feel like it.


There's so much stuff that's been going on since I last wrote in here! I just finished my second year of college, and I'm on track to graduate next year. Classes have been pretty hard and I'm not doing the best that I could in them, but I don't really care -- I feel like I went to college more for experiencing things and less for getting good grades in my college. I feel more fulfilled than I ever have in my entire life; I'm about to head to my first internship with a semiconductor manufacturer in Minneapolis for this summer, and I have a list of goals to complete, as well! 

- Get a return offer from my summer internship.
- Get an A in the one summer class I'm taking.
- Get an internship in Summer ’24.
- Gain ten pounds, which means going from 130->140 lb by the end of summer.
- Prepare for my two hardest classes this fall. 
- Have an actual product for me and my friends' side project that we can demo by the end of the summer. 
- Wake up at 6 AM every day. 

I know I was sad about my relationships in my last post, but that has drastically changed over these two years. I couldn't be happier with all my friends now; they're funny as fuck and just all-around good people. I also got a girlfriend! She's super cool and gorgeous and sweet and funny and I think she's just amazing. Life honestly couldn't be better right now -- could it? 

See, the thing is, I know my life right now is objectively way better than a year or two ago, but the thing is I KNOW it can get better than this. All my hard work led to this internship, and me learning how to actually deal with people in general helped me grow a huge amount in my personal life. But now I feel like the sky's the limit for me; these last few years have been a proof of concept that becoming a better person is not out of reach for me. I feel like this summer will be very conducive to my growth, what with the only things me being able to do are my internship and working out. I really do feel like I'll come out of this summer a better person -- somebody who I can be comfident in, his abilities and purpose honed to a finer point than now. 
